You're rushing, here we go ready.
Okay, five, six and dragging just a hair.
Wait for my q.
Five, six, seven.
Rushing five, six and dragging five.
Why do you suppose i just hurled a chair at your head, neiman, i don't know.
Sure you do the tempo.
Were you rushing or were you dragging?
I don't know.
Start counting five, six, seven and four.
Damn it, look at me.
One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four.
One, two, three.
No, was i rushing or was i dragging?
Don't count again.
One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three.
Rushing or dragging, rushing.
So you do know the difference.
If you deliberately sabotage my band, i will fuck you like a pig.
Now.
Are you a rusher or are you a dragger, or are you gonna be on my fucking time?
I'm gonna be on your time.
What does that say?
Quarter note equals two hundred and fifteen.
Count me a.
Two hundred and fifteen.
One thousand two hundred thirty four, one thousand two hundred and three, fourteen.
She says, fucking christ, i didn't know they allowed recharge into schaffer.
Am i to understand that you cannot read tempo?
Can you even fucking read music?
What is that note?
Yes, what is that?
Down at sixteenth note, sight read measure one hundred and one.
Ba, ba.
You a fucking a capella group.
Play the goddamn kit now.
Now answer my question.
Were you rushing or were you dragging?
Answer: rushing.
Oh, my dear god, are you one of those single tier people?
Do i look like a double fucking rainbow to you?
You must be upset.
Are you upset?
No, no, so you just don't give a shit about any of this.
I do give a shit about that.
Are you upset?
Yes, or fucking no?
Yes, you are upset.
Yeah, say it, i'm upset.
Say it so the whole band can hear you.
I'm upset louder.
I'm upset, louder.
I'm upset.
You are a worthless, friendless, faggot, lipped little piece of shit whose mommy left daddy when she figured out he wasn't eugene o'neill and who is now weeping and slobbering all over my drum set like a fucking nine year old girl.
So for the final father fucking time.
Say it louder, i'm upset, carl, start practicing harder.
Neman whiplash bar.
One hundred and twenty five.
Big boy tempo five six.